Friends, in today's video we will
tell you how you can take insurance of ICICI LBT.
If you need health
insurance, bike insurance or car
insurance then you can get it from Easy Way
and it is a very good insurance
company.  You know how
big a company ICICI Bank is.  So if you
want insurance of this bank, then how to
get it, we will
tell you in full detail in this video.  Let's go to the mobile phone
screen.  Let's learn in full detail.
Friends, it has arrived on your
mobile phone screen.
If you want insurance from ICICI LBARD, you have to
take insurance.  Like here I will
show you how to get bike insurance.
So first of all you have to come to Play Store
and download the app here.
For this you have to
write ICICI LBARD.  This will come ICICI LBRD
Insurance App, you can see this one comes called LK T
Care Insurance App.  Then
click on install.  You have to download this app.
As soon as your app is downloaded.  The
option to open appears.  Click on Open.
After that it will open your app.
Take care of L and click on Alav.
After that this app will open for you.
Simply you have to click on Get Started.
After that you have to
enter your mobile number here.  So here you have to
enter your mobile number in easy way.  After entering your mobile number,
OTP will be sent to your mobile number.
You have to enter that OTP here.  Just enter the OTP and the
interface appears like this.
Now here you have to enter your basic details.
In which first name and last name have to be
entered.  Click on the calendar and select the date of
birth.  Email ID has to be
entered.  After that you can make a bonfire of it.
If you want notifications etc. on WhatsApp
then keep it disabled, otherwise keep it disabled.
After that you simply have to click on Continue.
Just click on Continue and your app will open in this way.
You can give it permission to
take photos and record videos.
So please give it here.  There
is no problem.  You cut this.
After cutting, here you have to
click on Next or click on Skip Tutorial.
After that it opens your app.
After opening, it
shows you multiple options here.  You guys
can see from here.  So you
can get car insurance below.  You can take the bike.  You
can take health insurance.
Whatever travel home insurance you want, you can
get it here.  A lot of
insurance has been provided.  So here you
can take whatever insurance you want.  So now the question is how
you should take insurance.
So if you see here it is simple.  The
insurance you need is
shown here.  For example, if I
need bike insurance, I will click on the bike.
After that you have to
enter the registration number of your bike here.
Whatever is the registration number of your bike,
you have to put it here.  Registration
number means that
you have to enter the number of your vehicle here.  Like
here I have entered my bike number.
After that I will click on Get Quit.
After that it will fetch the details and so on.
You will have to wait a little.
After that, it will extract the complete details of your vehicle
and accordingly
will show your insurance plan etc.  You
can see here that the complete details of two wheeler insurance are
shown here.  You can see this,
you will have to wait a little.  Now you
can see here that it will open in front of you in this
manner.  He will
show you which bike it is.  You can see that everything of yours will be
verified.  After that, if
you look here, everything will be given to you below.  You
can see that here a lot of
plans etc. will be shown to you.
Now here you guys can change it.  First of all,
click on Insured here.  After that it will
remain yours like this.  You
can also increase its IDV.  You can see that IDV
cannot be increased.  You can see it is saying that
you have to keep this much, so
you can keep it here and can also move it forward and backward.
So here
he is showing how much value he is giving for the car.
Let me just leave it at that.
I click on update.
After that, after making you wait a little here,
it works a little slowly.
After that, here you can click on plan type pay on
damage and it shows comprehensive in front of you.
Click on Comprehensive.  This is good.
What happens in this?  If it is comprehensive for you, then
when your car meets with an
accident, the
company will provide you with full damage cover etc.  The insurance
company will provide it and if you cause
any problem or loss to the other person, the
company will also compensate for that.  So you
can also take third party.  But here you guys have to
remain comprehensive also.  After that
click on update.  Your
price increases a little in comprehensive.
You have to keep this in mind.  If you
take it from a third party then it costs you less.  You
can see mine has increased.
So let's select comprehensive here.
A lot of planning
shows you.  You can see these in 1 year, 2 year, 3 year
and third party.
In third party plan you get one year.  It will cost
you only ₹714 with GST which will cost
you ₹843.  You can see there that
in all this you are spending only ₹1200 plus.
For example, I will
recommend it to you.  You guys should take comprehensive only.
You get more benefit from this.
You can check anywhere.  Taking third party help is
not that profitable brother.  Let's save ourselves
from the police. To avoid the police, you
can hire a third party.  That is a different matter.
Let me select my total for one year here.
After that, if you
look below, it will show you many
options here.  From here you
can take the cover etc. like accident cover protect policy etc.  There is no problem.  Below
you are given more options etc.
You guys can select from here.
What do you have to do now?  After checking all these things,
you have to simply click on Buy.
Like click on buy.  Now here you
can see that
comprehensive is in front of you and comprehensive
plus zero depth coverage.  So this is recommending it.
You can select this.
Is good.  In this you will
get more claims etc. here.
You have to see that.  Let me just keep it
comprehensive.
So what do I do here?
After that I will click on continue.
After that the payment page
will open in front of you.  A little earlier you will have to
enter the details of your vehicle.  You can see here that it has
come in front of you.  Now here
you will have to do the KYC of your vehicle etc.
So simply, here you have to
enter the details of your name which matches with your RC.  His
Aadhar number has to be entered.  After that click on verify.
After that, the
payment page opens in front of you at last.
GST etc. may be applicable.  You have to make the payment.
Like please make the payment.
After that your insurance gets done here very easily.  There
is no problem with your Y.  So,
after you get insured here, you will reach
your policy section.
Click on this policy.  So whatever
your policy is, it will be shown to you here.
From here you
can download it etc.  There is no problem.
So this is the method through which
you can easily get insurance of ICIC Insurance i.e.
ICIC LBR.
So let's end today's video here.
See you
in another video.  Till then, bye, take care.